Expanded the introduction part of the reference baseline page (#204)
axelerant/engg-handbook: content/docs/how-we-work/baseline/_index.md

title: Our Reference Baseline
weight: 1
bookCollapseSection: true
description: Establishing a reference baseline for our projects is crucial for enhancing the overall efficiency and effectiveness of our operations.
---

# Our Reference Baseline

> Establishing a reference baseline enhances operational efficiency. It ensures quality, consistency, and clear communication for customers; reduces decision fatigue, boosts productivity, and fosters collaboration for our team; and supports scalability, compliance, and continuous improvement for Axelerant. This comprehensive approach addresses current challenges and prepares us for future growth. [Read more...](why-ref-baseline.md)

Reviewer: Let's not use the word "Establishing". It signals that we are still deciding whether to define a baseline or not, which is not true. We can instead say "Adopting the baseline on a project".

> At this time, this baseline is standardized for our projects in CDM but will eventually also apply to our managed projects.

Reviewer 2: @Yemaneberhan-Lemma Can we link the CDM and Managed words to our pages

CDM - https://www.axelerant.com/delivery-engagement-models/continuous-development-and-maintenance
Managed - https://www.axelerant.com/delivery-engagement-models/managed-projects

# Our Reference Baseline

> Establishing a reference baseline for our projects is crucial for enhancing the overall efficiency and effectiveness of our operations. This initiative aims to standardize processes, reduce decision fatigue, and improve productivity by ensuring all projects adhere to a consistent set of standards and practices.

Reviewer 2: @Yemaneberhan-Lemma Can we rephrase this into points having below structure?

> Establishing a reference baseline for our projects is crucial for enhancing the overall efficiency and effectiveness of our operations.

followed by 

It benefits the below stakeholders in the following ways.

1. Customer
2. Team
3. Axelerant

I think above calls out the benefits for all stakeholders more clearly and since this is public it enhances the perspective of Axelerant as well that we are considering everyone.

Reviewer 2: An example : https://www.thoughtworks.com/en-in/insights/topic/sensible-defaults

By minimizing variability and providing a common framework, we enhance communication, streamline workflows, and maintain high-quality deliverables. This baseline also facilitates better training and onboarding, ensures compliance with regulatory and security requirements, and allows for easier scaling of projects and teams.

Additionally, it encourages continuous improvement by providing a foundation for ongoing evaluation and optimization. Ultimately, the reference baseline sets us up for sustained success and growth, addressing current challenges while paving the way for future scalability.

> At this time, this baseline is standardized for our support projects but will eventually also apply to our managed projects.

Reviewer: Let's use the word CDM instead of support.

> At this time, this baseline is standardized for our support projects but will eventually also apply to our managed projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this time, this baseline is standardized for our projects in CDM but will eventually also apply to our managed projects.
```
